Completed codepen https://codepen.io/Tatka_ef/pen/dyYbyEq

  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HyperText Markup Language 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
For web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
It's like a characteristic, they put into tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
For big text like a title. You can use this how many times you want
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
<a href="">
<p class="">
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
information  wich hide for users
    7. What is an id? 
It's like link. When we use id it show us marked place/spot
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
name of sections 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
How many you want
    10. What is a class? 
Some items whith same haracters 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
How many you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Use target="_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
For alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be show.
    15. How do I reference an id?
 with # and then call it by name.   
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
 <div> is specifically for HTML 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
 for styles
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2:{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Class does not work as link
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
by name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.humun:
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Main selector. When it need to give different haracters for elements
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div a *
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
 margin
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border: 1px so dotted black;
 }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*......comment...*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
You can see it at command line on left before cursor
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm. Cause there are no trash can 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It's easy
    35. How often should I commit to github?
when I write new or change not my. Always
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
 git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
